[Enhancement] FE supports to handle http request asynchronously (#59935)
StarRocks/starrocks: docs/en/administration/management/FE_configuration.md

- Introduced in: -
-->

##### enable_http_async_handler

- Default: true
- Type: Boolean
- Unit: -
- Is mutable: Yes
- Description: Whether to enable asynchronous HTTP request handling. If enabled, a HTTP request is received in netty workers, and then submitted to a separate thread pool to handle the business logic to avoid blocking the HTTP server. If disabled, the business logic is also handled in netty workers.
- Introduced in: 4.0.0

##### http_async_threads_num

- Default: 4096

> - Alias: max_http_sql_service_task_threads_num

Author: fixed

- Type: Int
- Unit: -
- Is mutable: Yes

> - Description: Size of the thread pool for asynchronously processing HTTP request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Description: Size of the thread pool for asynchronous HTTP request processing. The alias is `max_http_sql_service_task_threads_num`.
```

> ##### enable_async_transaction_stream_load

Reviewer 2: this is out dated, right?

Author: yes, have updated
